Hello friends, today I am going to talk to you
about IC LBT's Critical Shield Plan.  A critical illness plan
that will provide you with lumpsum benefits along with tremendous
protection and will also make it clear to you
why it is important for you to take a critical illness policy?  Because
health insurance is not sufficient.
Why is a critical illness policy important for you
?  I will explain all the working here.   I will
guide you.  I will
make a request before proceeding further.  You have to subscribe to the channel
, share, comment and
definitely click the bell icon.   The
video may be a bit long, but
you will get valuable information from it.  I will
share the complete PPT with you in which I will explain each and every thing
in detail.  So don't delay, quickly
watch the video carefully and
after watching it till the end, do tell us how you
liked the video or not and those who want to take this policy can
talk to us about it.
We would have provided this policy on an all over India
basis.  Let's talk about
Great Shield Plus, a criticality
plan that will solve many of your problems
and provide you with great protection.
Before moving ahead, let us understand
what are the changing disease patterns.  If I
talk about the first 1970s, then only
25% injuries used to happen.  36% of your NCDs used to be
non-communicable diseases and 39% of
your NCDs used to be communicable diseases.  These
three types of patterns used to be followed.  But
as soon as 2008 came, your injuries
section was reduced to 10%.  Your non-
communicable diseases have increased to 63% and
communicable diseases have increased to 27%.
Communicable diseases are those diseases which spread from one person to another.
And non-communicable diseases are those
which do
not spread by touching, touching or talking to each other,
they are called non-communicable diseases.  They
talk about serious diseases.  Cancer, new diseases, such
diseases are called non-communicable diseases.
And the diseases that
spread by touching, like TB etc.,
we call them communicable diseases.
Now if we talk about 2000, this
scenario has totally transformed.   The
entire change has taken place.  Only 10% of injuries
remain and 76% are
non-communicable diseases.
People have started getting serious diseases and
only 14% of people suffer from communicable diseases.
Due to which it is a matter of concern that it is
necessary for all of you to take a critical illness policy.
And this data that I am telling you is the
data of ICMR.  I am telling this on the basis of ICMR report.
Most of the deaths occurring these days are
due to non-communicable diseases and
this has increased by 37.09%.  If I
look at the working from 1990 to 2016, there has been an increase of 61.8%.  Most of
these deaths have occurred due to NCDs.  It has
increased due to non-communicable diseases.  And in these 15-16 age groups,
11% of women, 15% of men and
people in the age group of 15 to 49 have been found to have more problems like
hyper stroke and hypertension.
Which is for your
knowledge which you have to understand.   Let's
talk about the financial impact of an
adverse health event.  If someone in someone's
family gets a critical illness,
what impact does it have on his family
?  First of all, it becomes week for the economy.
He does
not have any source of earning.  Critical illnesses have a 5% to 10%
impact on the GDP of the overall economy.
This is a big factor.
Families with a member with
heart disease and cancer expertise when it comes to catastrophic expenses.
This is called catastrophic expenditure.
So 10% to 25% Respectively Driven to
Poverty.  This leads to poverty.   If
someone in his family gets a serious illness, then
by default he falls into the line of poverty.
Income loss is a
problem faced by any family.  If any
family member faces this problem
then his earning source becomes zero.   There is
no working method of earning on that.  If there is
death or permanent disability, then it is lost to the
family after the death.
Cannot work after becoming disabled.
In that case also the problems increase, expenses
increase and this 62% of the total burden of the
family falls on you at least.  And if we
talk about household expenditure, then in whose
family these criticality cases arise.
And accounts for 5.17% of household
expenditure.  And
talking about hospital costs, those too increase in cases
of criticality which is a huge out of pocket expenditure.  If we
talk about the rate of 22% from 1985 to 2004, then it has
increased to 47%.
Talking about the utilization of services of hospitalization expenses,
hospital stays on account of non-
communicable diseases and injuries have increased by 32%
to 50%. These are the figures from 1995 to 2004 which I am
telling you and explaining to you.  So this
is a very critical and serious issue for which you
people should think about a critical illness policy.
What are the benefits of taking critical illness insurance?
Firstly, the rising costing, the
rising medical inflation,
you can manage it with inadequate coverage, that is, even
if you have
taken a low health insurance and have also taken a big
critical illness policy, then
it can be managed because of getting a lump sum amount.
It can be used as income replacement.  If
any critical illness occurs in any family
and there is a health critical illness
policy, then you get support by getting a lump sum amount.
Your lifestyle does
n't come down.  There is no financial burden
and getting treatment becomes easy and
many people have a not replaceable
index policy which is your health insurance, it is
not capable, it is a small
policy, the expenses are huge due to which you
may suffer, there is
guardian liability, you have to
borrow from the family, you may have to take a loan from somewhere,
if you do
not keep this policy then you may get into trouble in future.  I will
talk about the Crisis Shield Plan which is the
Crisis Shield Plan of IC Lomart, it will
provide you multiple coverage.  Talking about critical illness cover,
92 critical illnesses will be
covered under it.  You will get lump sum money in case of 100% of the major critical
and 25% of the minor critical illness.
You will find coverage for surgical procedures under.
106 surgical processors will be
covered under the policy and the set base payout will be available here.
100% will be given in case of major surgery
and 50% will be given in case of minor surgery.
You can also avail cancer restoration benefits here.
Multip Multiple Pay for Critical Ines.
Here
you will get this policy under coverage and divided into five courts.
Five are within cohorts and
only after one cohort is completed will the policy continue for the remaining four.
The policy will not be discontinued.  Each
cowhard will have independent pay out.
You will get different payouts in all of them.  No
waiting period between any claims.  Once a claim is received, there is
no waiting period for the next claim to come.
This is a very good thing for you.  And
you can take any claim here, major or minor.
You can also choose the inbuilt personal accidental cover rider.
Like personal
accidental death, permanent total disability
and permanent partial disability rider can also be
taken here.  Talking about value added
services,
you will get health and wellness offers here.
You can get this second opinion here and
special benefit by doing Health Assistant HAT
is also an inbuilt feature available in the policy.  Let me talk about the
five cohorts in which the
policy is available.  If you want, you can
take it for all five of you.  If you want, you
can choose for one or two.
Where is it first?  It is cancer.  Cancer:
Within cancer, there will be four major critical illnesses covered
and one minor critical illness covered.  You will
get 100% in major.  Minors will
get 25%.  And there will also be a separate option in the name of Heart and Blood Vessels.
So there will be 10
major critical illnesses covered and 11
minor critical illnesses covered.  There will be an
option called Major Organ, which will cover 14
critical illnesses, major illnesses and 12
minor illnesses.  Talking about the nervous system,
24 major critical illnesses
and eight minor critical illnesses will be covered.
And if I talk about other illnesses, then
three major and five minor critical illnesses will be
covered.  I am telling you about this amazing feature.
Settle base coverage will be here.
Lump sum payment will be given on 100% major critical loss
and lump sum payment will be given on 25% minor critical loss.
And there is no waiting period applicable from one cohort to another.
You will get it whenever one claim comes after another.
And suppose a big claim has already
come for some cancer
and you have taken a comprehensive policy for all five,
then the options for the remaining four
are open for you.  If you have
any other things in the policy,
you will get lump sum money for them as well and there is
no waiting period.  There is
no condition of survival period here.  There is an
initial waiting period of only 90 days.
Whenever you take a new policy.  Let's
talk about some of the payout
product coverage add-ons.  So in this there is
a benefit called cancer restoration
which you can avail in which
your sum can increase by 50% off sums.
Talking about major surgical procedures, 106 major
surgical critical procedures will be covered under this
and if there is a major surgery, then 100% will be
given.  If it is minor then you will get 50%.  Personal
accidental rider can be added to this.
It will be covered from day one.  Permanent or
partial disability can also be availed in this.
Talking about product plans, an
option will come in the name of Cancer Shield.   An
option will come in the name of Cardiac Shield.   An
option will come in the name of Cancer Plus Cardiac
or Comprehensive Critical.
You can choose these four types of options here.
In cancer, it will only be cancer related.   The
cardiac shield will contain only cardiac.
Cancer and Cardiac will cover both cancer and cardiac
and
Comprehensive will cover everything in
which you will not miss anything and
you will get all the five types of cohorts.   If I
talk about Cancer Shield,
what will you find inside it?  There will be four major
critical vulnerability covers with 100%
cover and one with minor cover.
What four diseases will there be including cancer,
restore.  The names of your diseases are Cancer
Specific Serious Major Cancer Bone Bone
Marrow Transplant Aplastic Anemia and
Primary Myofibrosis and if we talk about minor surgery
then early stage cancer or
carcinoma into this will be
covered under minor surgery, in this you can set add on rider,
take cancer restore,
take major surgery rider procedure
and take PA personal accident benefit,
value audited service in this you will get
teleconstruction, health and
wellness, e opinion, health
assistant.  The initial waiting period will be
90 days and the survival period is zero
which is very good.  Whenever such a
diagnosis is made, you will get a lump sum amount.  There
is no condition to survive for 1 day, 5 days or 10 days.  That is why the policy
is better.  Talking about Cardiac Shield,
Cardiac Shield has 10 major illness covers,
11 minor surge covers in which the names of the diseases are
written here.  Names of 10 major surgeries
and 11 minor surgeries are also
written.  You will also get add-on riders inside this.
If you
take riders for major surgical procedures, then those riders
will also be covered and if you want to add permanent accident and
personal accident policy along with it, then you can
add it.
Valued service will be available inbuilt.  Same
Telecons, Health & Wellness, E Opinion and
HAT will be available to you along with it.  For this also there is an
initial waiting period of 90 days and
zero survival period.  The
names of major categories of diseases are clearly written.
And the names of the list of minor surges are also
clearly written here.  If you are a major, you will get 100%.  If you are a
minor, you will get 25%.  I am
telling you this clearly.  If you
take a combined policy for both cancer and cardiac, then 14 major critical illnesses will be
covered and 12 minor critical illnesses will be
covered.  In this
you can choose the rider of cancer registration benefit.   You
can choose major surgical benefit procedures.  If you want, you can also take rider of PA, Death or PT, PT, PPD.
And
value added services will be available inbuilt in it.  There will be an
initial waiting period of 19 days.
And you will find the names of all these diseases
written exactly as I told
you here.  If you
opt for the Comprehensive Critical option, then
55 major critical and 37
minor critical illnesses will be
covered here, which includes restoration for cancer,
major surgical procedures and PA policy
along with value added service as it is 90
days initial waiting period and zero days
survival waiting period will be applicable in it.
Friends, everything will be covered in this.
Nothing will be left.  Once you
take comprehensive, everything is
covered and there is
no initial waiting period.  Let us talk about
claim payable on account of cancer
restoration. If we take the rider, then if
cancer occurs again after 3 years, then
that will also be covered under it and the
insured needs to survive for 3 years. It will be
necessary for him to remain alive for three years and this
feature is also a very good feature.  Samarka restoration will take place in this.
Major surgical
processors cover 106 processors.
I have already told you this.   There is
no effect in this.  You can also take PA cover
in this if you want.  It is
important who can take it.  Any person between 18 years to 65
years of age can take this policy.
Whenever you buy a policy, there will be a
waiting period of 90 days and the survival period
is zero.  No one is in it.  The policy can be
taken for 1 year, 2 years, 3 years together.  If you
take a two-year policy, there
is a 10% discount.  If you take the second year premium for
another three years, there is a
15% discount on the third year premium.  Life long
policy can be renewed.
Tax benefit of ATD will be available in this.
You do not have to pay medical tax cost born by company.   The
company will burn.  When will there be a medical trigger here
?  When you are between 18 to 50 years of age
and choose a sum assured of more than Rs 25 lakh.
At the age of 51 to 55, you will
choose a Samish worth more than Rs 20 lakh.  At the age of 56 to 60, you will
choose a sum assured of more than Rs 10 lakh.  If you are between the
age of 61 to 65 and
want to take any sum assured, then you will have to undergo a
medical test here and it will be
applicable at the company's cost.  Friends, this is a simple and amazing
policy in which you will have genuine
critical illness cover which you should definitely
look for yourself.  Call once,
talk.